[OSDOCS#17174]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-3 (#114168)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-update.adoc

[id="compliance-update_{context}"]
= Updating security content

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use container image digests instead of tags to track `ProfileBundle` updates accurately and ensure predictable compliance profile versions across cluster deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Track `ProfileBundle` updates accurately and ensure predictable compliance profile versions across cluster deployments, by using container image digests instead of tags.
```
more job-focused and technology agnostic abstract this way (not a merge blocker)

> Security content is included as container images that the `ProfileBundle` objects refer to. To accurately track updates to `ProfileBundles` and the custom resources parsed from the bundles, such as rules or profiles, you can view the container image digest in the ProfileBundle status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security content is included as container images that the `ProfileBundle` objects refer to. To accurately track updates to `ProfileBundles` and the custom resources parsed from the bundles, such as rules or profiles, you can view the container image digest in the `ProfileBundle` status.
```

[id="compliance-update_{context}"]
= Updating security content

[role="_abstract"]
Track `ProfileBundle` updates accurately and ensure predictable compliance profile versions across cluster deployments, by using container image digests instead of tags.

Security content is included as container images that the `ProfileBundle` objects refer to. To accurately track updates to `ProfileBundles` and the custom resources parsed from the bundles, such as rules or profiles, you can view the container image digest in the `ProfileBundle` status.

> Security content is included as container images that the `ProfileBundle` objects refer to. To accurately track updates to `ProfileBundles` and the custom resources parsed from the bundles, such as rules or profiles, you can view the container image digest in the `ProfileBundle` status.

Reviewer 2: Duplicate paragraph?
```suggestion

```

    type: Ready
  dataStreamStatus: VALID
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```
